Update quickbooks__general_ledger surrogate key to use account_id rat… (#73)
fivetran/dbt_quickbooks: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_quickbooks v0.8.0
## 🚨 Breaking Changes 🚨:

> - Changing `account_name` input to `account_id` for the `generate_surrogate_key` function to fix `unique_id` uniqueness issues in the `quickbooks__general_ledger` model.  A full refresh is recommended for accurate and consistent surrogate keys. [#73](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/pull/73)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replacing `account_name` with `account_id` as input for the `generate_surrogate_key` function to fix `unique_id` uniqueness issues in the `quickbooks__general_ledger` model.  A full refresh is recommended for accurate and consistent surrogate keys. [#73](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/pull/73)
```
